feat(ddx): commitment plans (#3654)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/dedibox.mdx

### How is the price of my server calculated?
Our prices are updated daily based on demand, available stocks, and component and energy market prices. Some components, such as RAM memory and SSD disks, have high volatility. Do not worry, the price at the time of order is guaranteed for the first 12 months of your subscription.

### How long is my server contract?

> Your server is on a monthly contract, with the billing cycle running from the first to the last day of each month. When placing an order, you will be billed pro rata for the current month, except if you are paying via SEPA direct debit. In that case, your first invoice will be issued during your first complete month and will include both the pro rata amount for the current month and the full amount for the following month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your server operates on a monthly contract, with the billing cycle running from the first to the last day of each month. When placing an order, you will be billed pro rata for the current month, unless you pay via SEPA direct debit. In that case, your first invoice will be issued during your first complete month and include both the pro rata amount for the current month and the full amount for the following month.
```

<Message type="note">

>   If you chose a commitment period during server creation, your contract is fixed for a duration of 12 or 36 months, depending on the commitment option you selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you chose a commitment period during server creation, your contract will have a fixed duration of 12 or 36 months, depending on your selected option.
```

</Message>

### What are Dedibox commitment plans?
A commitment plan allows you to commit to keeping your Dedibox for a period of 12 or 36 months. By choosing a commitment period, you benefit from lower monthly rent for your server and free setup, depending on the plan you choose.

> ### Can I benefit from a commitment plan on an already rented server?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Can I benefit from a commitment plan on a server I'm already renting?
```

No, commitment plans are available only for new subscriptions.

### Will my server options also benefit from the discount?
No, the discount applies only to the Dedibox server.

### Is there an automatic renewal of the commitment?
Yes, by default, your commitment is renewed automatically at the end of the commitment period. You can disable the automatic renewal in your server's options.

> ### At the end of the commitment, what will be the price for my Dedibox?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### At the end of the commitment, what will the price for my Dedibox be?
```

At the end of the commitment, you will pay the standard price at the time of the subscription. Your commitment discount will no longer apply.

### Can I terminate a Dedibox during the commitment period?
You can request termination at any time, but it will only be effective after the end of the commitment period. You will retain access to your server until the commitment period ends.

### Can I change the commitment period?
No, the commitment period cannot be changed after the subscription.

### Are there commitment plans for Elastic Metal or Dedibox VPS?
No, commitment plans are only available for eligible Dedibox dedicated servers.

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> This version should be clearer and more accurate, enhancing the user's understanding of the commitment plans and their terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: ChatGPT leftover?
